.nh
.TH "GH-SKILL-UPDATE" "1" "Apr 2026" "GitHub CLI 2.92.0" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-skill-update - Update installed skills to their latest versions (preview)


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh skill update [<skill>...] [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Checks installed skills for available updates by comparing the local
tree SHA (from \fBSKILL.md\fR frontmatter) against the remote repository.

.PP
Scans all known agent host directories (Copilot, Claude, Cursor, Codex,
Gemini, Antigravity) in both project and user scope automatically.

.PP
Without arguments, checks all installed skills. With skill names,
checks only those specific skills.

.PP
Pinned skills (installed with \fB--pin\fR) are skipped with a notice.
Use \fB--unpin\fR to clear the pinned version and include those skills
in the update.

.PP
Skills without GitHub metadata (e.g. installed manually or by another
tool) are prompted for their source repository in interactive mode.
The update re-downloads the skill with metadata injected, so future
updates work automatically.

.PP
With \fB--force\fR, re-downloads skills even when the remote version matches
the local tree SHA. This overwrites locally modified skill files with
their original content, but does not remove extra files added locally.

.PP
In interactive mode, shows which skills have updates and asks for
confirmation before proceeding. With \fB--all\fR, updates without prompting.
With \fB--dry-run\fR, reports available updates without modifying any files.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--all\fR
Update all skills without prompting

.TP
\fB--dir\fR \fB<string>\fR
Scan a custom directory for installed skills

.TP
\fB--dry-run\fR
Report available updates without modifying files

.TP
\fB--force\fR
Re-download even if already up to date

.TP
\fB--unpin\fR
Clear pinned version and include pinned skills in update


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
# Check and update all skills interactively
$ gh skill update

# Update specific skills
$ gh skill update mcp-cli git-commit

# Update all without prompting
$ gh skill update --all

# Re-download all skills (restore locally modified files)
$ gh skill update --force --all

# Check for updates without applying (read-only)
$ gh skill update --dry-run

# Unpin skills and update them to latest
$ gh skill update --unpin

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-skill(1)\fR
