.nh
.TH "GH-SKILL-PREVIEW" "1" "Apr 2026" "GitHub CLI 2.92.0" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-skill-preview - Preview a skill from a GitHub repository (preview)


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh skill preview <repository> [<skill>] [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Render a skill's \fBSKILL.md\fR content in the terminal. This fetches the
skill file from the repository and displays it using the configured
pager, without installing anything.

.PP
A file tree is shown first, followed by the rendered \fBSKILL.md\fR content.
When running interactively and the skill contains additional files
(scripts, references, etc.), a file picker lets you browse them
individually.

.PP
When run with only a repository argument, lists available skills and
prompts for selection.

.PP
To preview a specific version of the skill, append \fB@VERSION\fR to the
skill name. The version is resolved as a git tag, branch, or commit SHA.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--allow-hidden-dirs\fR
Include skills in hidden directories (e.g. .claude/skills/, .agents/skills/)


.SH ALIASES
gh skill show, gh skills show


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
# Preview a specific skill
$ gh skill preview github/awesome-copilot documentation-writer

# Preview a skill at a specific version
$ gh skill preview github/awesome-copilot documentation-writer@v1.2.0

# Preview a skill at a specific commit SHA
$ gh skill preview github/awesome-copilot documentation-writer@abc123def456

# Browse and preview interactively
$ gh skill preview github/awesome-copilot

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-skill(1)\fR
