.nh
.TH "GH-SKILL-INSTALL" "1" "Apr 2026" "GitHub CLI 2.92.0" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
gh-skill-install - Install agent skills from a GitHub repository (preview)


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgh skill install <repository> [<skill[@version]>] [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Install agent skills from a GitHub repository or local directory into
your local environment. Skills are placed in a host-specific directory
at either project scope (inside the current git repository) or user
scope (in your home directory, available everywhere).

.PP
A wide range of AI coding agents are supported, including GitHub
Copilot, Claude Code, Cursor, Codex, Gemini CLI, Antigravity, Amp,
Goose, Junie, OpenCode, Windsurf, and many more.

.PP
Supported \fB--agent\fR values:
.IP \(bu 2
GitHub Copilot (github-copilot)
.IP \(bu 2
Claude Code (claude-code)
.IP \(bu 2
Cursor (cursor)
.IP \(bu 2
Codex (codex)
.IP \(bu 2
Gemini CLI (gemini-cli)
.IP \(bu 2
Antigravity (antigravity)
.IP \(bu 2
AdaL (adal)
.IP \(bu 2
Amp (amp)
.IP \(bu 2
Augment (augment)
.IP \(bu 2
IBM Bob (bob)
.IP \(bu 2
Cline (cline)
.IP \(bu 2
CodeBuddy (codebuddy)
.IP \(bu 2
Command Code (command-code)
.IP \(bu 2
Continue (continue)
.IP \(bu 2
Cortex Code (cortex)
.IP \(bu 2
Crush (crush)
.IP \(bu 2
Deep Agents (deepagents)
.IP \(bu 2
Droid (droid)
.IP \(bu 2
Firebender (firebender)
.IP \(bu 2
Goose (goose)
.IP \(bu 2
iFlow CLI (iflow-cli)
.IP \(bu 2
Junie (junie)
.IP \(bu 2
Kilo Code (kilo)
.IP \(bu 2
Kimi Code CLI (kimi-cli)
.IP \(bu 2
Kiro CLI (kiro-cli)
.IP \(bu 2
Kode (kode)
.IP \(bu 2
MCPJam (mcpjam)
.IP \(bu 2
Mistral Vibe (mistral-vibe)
.IP \(bu 2
Mux (mux)
.IP \(bu 2
Neovate (neovate)
.IP \(bu 2
OpenClaw (openclaw)
.IP \(bu 2
OpenCode (opencode)
.IP \(bu 2
OpenHands (openhands)
.IP \(bu 2
Pi (pi)
.IP \(bu 2
Pochi (pochi)
.IP \(bu 2
Qoder (qoder)
.IP \(bu 2
Qwen Code (qwen-code)
.IP \(bu 2
Replit (replit)
.IP \(bu 2
Roo Code (roo)
.IP \(bu 2
Trae (trae)
.IP \(bu 2
Trae CN (trae-cn)
.IP \(bu 2
Universal (universal)
.IP \(bu 2
Warp (warp)
.IP \(bu 2
Windsurf (windsurf)
.IP \(bu 2
Zencoder (zencoder)

.PP
Use \fB--agent\fR and \fB--scope\fR to control placement, or \fB--dir\fR for a
custom directory. The default scope is \fBproject\fR, and the default
agent is \fBgithub-copilot\fR (when running non-interactively).

.PP
At project scope, several agents (including GitHub Copilot, Cursor,
Codex, Gemini CLI, Antigravity, Amp, Cline, OpenCode, and Warp) share
the \fB\&.agents/skills\fR directory. If you select multiple hosts that
resolve to the same destination, each skill is installed there only once.

.PP
The first argument is a GitHub repository in \fBOWNER/REPO\fR format.
Use \fB--from-local\fR to install from a local directory instead.
Local skills are auto-discovered using the same conventions as remote
repositories, and files are copied (not symlinked) with local-path
tracking metadata injected into frontmatter.

.PP
Skills are discovered automatically using the \fBskills/*/SKILL.md\fR convention
defined by the Agent Skills specification, including when the \fBskills/\fR
directory is nested under a prefix (e.g. \fBterraform/code-generation/skills/...\fR).
For more information on the specification,
see: https://agentskills.io/specification

.PP
The skill argument can be a name, a namespaced name (\fBauthor/skill\fR),
or an exact path within the repository (\fBskills/author/skill\fR or
\fBskills/author/skill/SKILL.md\fR).

.PP
Performance tip: when installing from a large repository with many
skills, providing an exact path instead of a skill name avoids a
full tree traversal of the repository, making the install significantly faster.

.PP
When a skill name is provided without a version, the CLI resolves the
version in this order:
.IP "  1." 5
Latest tagged release in the repository
.IP "  2." 5
Default branch HEAD

.PP
To pin to a specific version, either append \fB@VERSION\fR to the skill
name or use the \fB--pin\fR flag. The version is resolved as a git tag or commit SHA.

.PP
Installed skills have source tracking metadata injected into their
frontmatter. This metadata identifies the source repository and
enables \fBgh skill update\fR to detect changes.

.PP
When run interactively, the command prompts for any missing arguments.
When run non-interactively, \fBrepository\fR and a skill name are
required.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--agent\fR \fB<string>\fR
Target agent (see supported values above)

.TP
\fB--allow-hidden-dirs\fR
Include skills in hidden directories (e.g. .claude/skills/, .agents/skills/)

.TP
\fB--dir\fR \fB<string>\fR
Install to a custom directory (overrides --agent and --scope)

.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--force\fR
Overwrite existing skills without prompting

.TP
\fB--from-local\fR
Treat the argument as a local directory path instead of a repository

.TP
\fB--pin\fR \fB<string>\fR
Pin to a specific git tag or commit SHA

.TP
\fB--scope\fR \fB<string> (default "project")\fR
Installation scope: {project|user}

.TP
\fB--upstream\fR
Install from the upstream source when a re-published skill is detected


.SH ALIASES
gh skill add, gh skills add


.SH EXIT CODES
0: Successful execution

.PP
1: Error

.PP
2: Command canceled

.PP
4: Authentication required

.PP
NOTE: Specific commands may have additional exit codes. Refer to the command's help for more information.


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
# Interactive: choose repo, skill, and agent
$ gh skill install

# Choose a skill from the repo interactively
$ gh skill install github/awesome-copilot

# Install a specific skill
$ gh skill install github/awesome-copilot git-commit

# Install a specific version
$ gh skill install github/awesome-copilot git-commit@v1.2.0

# Install from a large namespaced repo by path (efficient, skips full discovery)
$ gh skill install github/awesome-copilot skills/monalisa/code-review

# Install from a local directory
$ gh skill install ./my-skills-repo --from-local

# Install a specific local skill
$ gh skill install ./my-skills-repo git-commit --from-local

# Install for Claude Code at user scope
$ gh skill install github/awesome-copilot git-commit --agent claude-code --scope user

# Pin to a specific git ref
$ gh skill install github/awesome-copilot git-commit --pin v2.0.0

# Install skills from hidden directories (e.g. .claude/skills/)
$ gh skill install owner/repo --allow-hidden-dirs

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgh-skill(1)\fR
